W3I Stable SDK Docs (#1357)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/web3inbox/frontend-integration/migration-guide.mdx

import Container from '../../components/Container'
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs'
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem'
import PlatformTabs from '../../components/PlatformTabs'
import PlatformTabItem from '../../components/PlatformTabItem'
import CloudBanner from '../../components/CloudBanner'

# Migration Guide

## General Migration notes

- `isLimited` flag has been removed in favor of `allApps` flag. They essentially mean the opposite thing.
- Deleting messages is no longer possible
- Messages are now stored on notify server and can be paged
- Registration is more flexible since it is now split into 2 functions

<PlatformTabs
  groupId="api-auth"
  activeOptions={["react", "javascript"]}>

<PlatformTabItem value="javascript">

## Migrating from 0.x to 1.0.0 
For developers using `@web3inbox/core` without the hooks, there are far less breaking changes.

### Managing registration
Registration is now split into 2 steps to avoid the opinionated approach of passing `onSign` callback.

```typescript

> import { signMessageAsync } from "@wagmi/core"

Reviewer: Not a function

/* highlight-delete-start */ 
client.register(signMessageAsync)
/* highlight-delete-end */ 
/* highlight-add-start */ 
const { registerParams, message } = client.prepareRegistration({account: "eip155:1:0x.."})

> const signature = await signMessageAsync(message)

Reviewer: Does this need to be [`signMessage`](https://wagmi.sh/core/api/actions/signMessage)?

```suggestion
const signature = await signMessage(config, { message })
```

Author: Just keep it imo

> client.register({registerParams, signature})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client.register({ registerParams, signature })
```

/* highlight-add-end */ 
```

### Managing Notifications
- `deleteMessage` has been removed.
- `pageNotifications` has been added to allow paging notifications

</PlatformTabItem>

<PlatformTabItem value="react">

## Migrating from 0.x to 1.0.0 
There are numerous breaking changes in the stable release.

### Package rename

> While `@web3inbox/core` is still named the same way, `@web3inbox/widget-react` is now `@web3inbox/react`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@web3inbox/widget-react` has been renamed to `@web3inbox/react`

`@web3inbox/core` is still named the same.
```

```

### Managing Accounts
Previously, the account needed to be set using `setAccount` and still had to be passed down to hooks like `useManageSubscriptions`. This is no longer
the case. Also, registration management was included in the same hook. Now they all follow single responsibility principle. 

#### Setting accounts

```typescript
/* highlight-delete-start */ 
- import { useW3iAccount } from "@web3inbox/widget-react"
/* highlight-delete-end */ 
/* highlight-add-start */ 
+ import { useWeb3InboxAccount } from "@web3inbox/react"
/* highlight-add-end */ 

/* highlight-delete-start */ 
- const { setAccount } = useW3iAccount()
/* highlight-delete-end */ 
/* highlight-add-start */ 
+ const { data: account } = useWeb3InboxAccount(`eip155:1:0x...`)
/* highlight-add-end */ 

setAccount(`eip155:1:0x...`)
```

#### Handling registration

```typescript
/* highlight-delete-start */ 
- import { useW3iAccount } from "@web3inbox/widget-react"
- import { signMessageAsync } from "@wagmi/core"
/* highlight-delete-end */ 
/* highlight-add-start */ 
+ import { useWeb3InboxAccount, useRegister, usePrepareRegistration } from "@web3inbox/react"

> + import { signMessageAsync } from "@wagmi/core"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ import { signMessage } from "@wagmi/core"
```
